# Analysis-and-Design

  We wrote code and applied non-coding development techniques to algorithmic design and problem-solving in CS-300.  We evaluated complex data structures using strong algorithmic techniques to help solve problems. I approach the problem by first fully comprehending it, then identifying the main problem type, planning the approach with the right data structures and algorithms, implementing the solution, and finally analyzing and optimizing for efficiency. Because data structures offer a methodical approach to organizing, storing, and manipulating data, an understanding of them is essential for effective and efficient programming. As a result, programs can run more quickly, use less memory, and have simpler, easier-to-understand, and maintain code. I overcome my roadblocks while going through the activities or projects by researching to ensure I know what I am doing. I use websites like geeksforgeeks, W3School, etc. Data structure algorithms were new to me. Thus, the knowledge in this class explained what to do. Since this is my first time, I am not very good at it, therefore I will practice more. However, I now know a little bit about algorithms and data structures. In addition to not understanding how to access and sort data structures, the lesson taught me a few things. I developed my problem-solving skills, which inspired me to design more comprehensible and adaptable code. For this code to be tested or changed by another person, it needed clear commenting and the ability to be readily changed.
